Defense In Depth is a strategy that utilizes multiple layers of security to protect your assets.

Depending on the secure policy framework you choose, that will determine what assets have what types of securities associated with them. What determins the 
Secure Policy Framework is based on the consequences of what happens if your high value assets get compromised. 

To approach it another way, you are trying to secure your environment to prevent a worst case senario from happening to your organization. 
You are building your security according the concept of how severe consequences are if an asset is comrpomise. 

An asset is considered a users credentials, on prem nodes (servers, computers, Cell Phone, printers, scanners, badge systems, routers/AC points, Smart Devices, and more)

Defense In Depth's principal is, What you cannot prevent needs to be detected; If it cannot be detected you will need to be able to recovery from it. 

Below, I've gone into some detail about some of the characteristics of Defence in Depth and helping with establishing a base to work from with securing your own environment. 

A new theme that is making it's way to the scene is Resiliency. 
Resilient organizations continually keep critical functions running by adapting to changes and risks that would otherwise shut them down. 

Resiliency: 
Multiple ISPs (Internet Service Providers), servers onsite and offsite clustered together for redundancy, Load Balencers, Backup generators, UPSs (Uninterrupted Power Suppies),
and utilizing Cellular and Network Bonding Technology. 
(Mushroom Networks makes Network Bonding Technology) (Teradek makes Cellular Bonding Technology) both are great companies.

Preventative: 
Impliment Zero Trust Secure Framework, Use Microsoft 365 Enterprise Mobility and Security E5, Take a Holistic approach to Security with an Intrusion Prevention System, 
DNS Security, setup a Firewall, disable network drops when not in use, hire a security guard, setup an anti passback or radius badge system, and put up security 
cameras....

Detection: 
Setup a SEIM to log events, Setup an Intrusion Detection System, Setup a Network Intrusion Detection System, setup Canarytokens, setup logging for certain commands
that assist with lateral movements and when key files/folders get accessed, and Setup multiple Honeypots. 
You can't stop 100% of all attacks but you better make sure they are logged. 

Recover: 
An effective Recovery Program includes Risk Management, contingency and continuity planning, and other security and emergency management frameworks and policies. 
  The following plans make up the NIST Cyber Security Policy Framework: NIST SP 800-34 Rev 1 "Contingency Planning Guide for Federal Information Systems" 
  https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/events/hipaa-2010-safeguarding-health-information-buil/documents/2-2b-contingency-planning-swanson-nist.pdf
  
    Business Continutity Plan                
    Continutity of Operations Plan
    Crisis Communications Plan
    Critical Infrastructure Protection Plan
    Cyber Incident Response Plan
    Disaster Recovery Plan
    Information Systems Contingency Plan
    Occupant Emergency Plan
  
